Add recognized contributors documents (#1)
bytecodealliance/governance: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/recognized-contributor.md

I am nominating or self-nominating a [Recognized Contributor](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/governance/blob/main/TSC/charter.md#recognized-contributors).

**Name:** NAME
**GitHub Username:** USERNAME
**Projects/SIGs:**
<!-- 

> List projects or SIGs this person is affiliated with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List projects or SIGs this person is affiliated with, if any.
```

Note that an individual is not required to be affiliated
with a project before becoming an RC
-->
- PROJECT OR SIG NAME

## Nomination

> In 2-5 sentences, describe this person's activity within BytecodeAlliance. Examples include SIG activity, project contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 2-5 sentences, describe this person's activity within the Bytecode Alliance. Examples include SIG activity, project contributions, and supporting Bytecode Alliance-wide initiatives.
```
